domain name update (#186)
lukehinds/rekor: README.md

Rekór - Greek for “Record”

> Rekor's goals are to provide an immutable tamper resistant ledger of metadata generated within a software projects supply chain.  Rekor will enable software maintainers and build systems to record signed metadata to an immutable record. Other parties can then query said metadata to enable them to make informed decisions on trust and non-repudiation of an object's life-cycle. For more details visit the [rekor website](https://sigstore.dev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rekor's goals are to provide an immutable tamper resistant ledger of metadata generated within a software projects supply chain. Rekor will enable software maintainers and build systems to record signed metadata to an immutable record. Other parties can then query said metadata to enable them to make informed decisions on trust and non-repudiation of an object's lifecycle. For more details visit the [sigstore website](https://sigstore.dev)
```

Author: Ah good point, so must of those will remain as rekor (as they refer to this project, but the last one is correct and should be changed; `[sigstore website](https://sigstore.dev)`

The Rekor project provides a restful API based server for validation and a transparency log for storage. A CLI application is available to make and verify entries, query the transparency log for inclusion
proof, integrity verification of the transparency log or retrieval of entries by either public key or artifact.

For more details on setting up a server,  [visit the following link](https://sigstore.dev/get_started/server/)

For details on CLI usage, [visit the following link](https://sigstore.dev/get_started/client/)

If you're interesting in integration with rekor, we have an [OpenAPI swagger editor](https://sigstore.dev/swagger/)

A public instance of rekor can be found at [api.sigstore.dev](https://api.sigstore.dev/api/v1/log/)

> Rekor allows customized manifests (which term them as types), [type customization is outlined here](https://github.com/sigstore/rekor/tree/main/pkg/types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sigstore allows customized manifests (which term them as types), [type customization is outlined here](https://github.com/sigstore/rekor/tree/main/pkg/types).
```

Author: That ones ok as it is, so it's referring to itself (I know, it is confusing!).
